README.md, before:

# 08_professional-materials
This is the eighth homework project. It will feature an Updated portfolio featuring project 1 and two exemplary homework assignments, an updated GitHub profile with pinned repositories featuring project 1 and two exemplary assignments, an updated resume, and an updated LinkedIn profile.

Instructions:
------------
Instructions are located in the readme.md file in the root folder of the repository.


Resources used:
------------
- Bootstrap CSS CDN - https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.3.1/css/bootstrap.min.css
- fontawesome       - https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.8.1/css/all.css
- google apis       - https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans&display=swap
- jQuery CDN        - https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.4.1.min.js
- moment.js	    - https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/moment.js/2.24.0/moment.min.js

Progress:
------------
2020.02.18.2245 - Initial Commit.  Initialized readme.me, and set up folder structure.  Created index.html, contact.html, portfolio.html, style.css, and logic.js.

2020.02.18.2315 - Added plan.txt, and updated instructions.md to insructions.txt.  Updated my LinkedIn Profile with links to my GitHub Profile and Portfolio site.  Updated GitHub Bio. 

2020.02.21.1607 - Updated plan.txt to reflect recent pivot; marked new tasks and completed tasks.  For this homework's dependencies (the two exemplary homeworks to be displayed), I updated/fixed and pushed my changes to both the Weather App and Work Day Scheduler previous homework assignments.  Researched Bootstrap examples for grid structure, head/nav/jumbotron, sidebar, and sticky footer elements.

2020.02.21.1630 - I updated index.html to include assimilated portions of code from my previous homework assignment '02_responsive-portfolio', as a starting point.  I added an images folder to the folder structure, containing images that were used in '02_responsive-portfolio'. 

2020.02.21.1750 - I added 'contact.html' and 'portfolio.html' within the folder 'pages'.  I then updated grid layout for 'index.html', and then copied the skeleton over to 'contact.html' and 'portfolio.html'.  For 'contact.html' I added my contact form from previous homework assignment '02_responsive-portfolio', and then updated and fixed its position in the grid layout.  I updated header, main, and footer section sizes in 'style.css'.

Commit message:

I added 'contact.html' and 'portfolio.html' within the folder 'pages'.  I then updated grid layout for 'index.html', and then copied the skeleton over to 'contact.html' and 'portfolio.html'.  For 'contact.html' I added my contact form from previous homework assignment '02_responsive-portfolio', and then updated and fixed its position in the grid layout.  I updated header, main, and footer section sizes in 'style.css'. For each 'html' page, I updated the position of the columns in the headers.

README.md, after:

# 08_professional-materials
This is the eighth homework project. It will feature an Updated portfolio featuring project 1 and two exemplary homework assignments, an updated GitHub profile with pinned repositories featuring project 1 and two exemplary assignments, an updated resume, and an updated LinkedIn profile.

Instructions:
------------
Instructions are located in the readme.md file in the root folder of the repository.


Resources used:
------------
- Bootstrap CSS CDN - https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.3.1/css/bootstrap.min.css
- fontawesome       - https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.8.1/css/all.css
- google apis       - https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans&display=swap
- jQuery CDN        - https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.4.1.min.js
- moment.js	    - https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/moment.js/2.24.0/moment.min.js

Progress:
------------
2020.02.18.2245 - Initial Commit.  Initialized readme.me, and set up folder structure.  Created index.html, contact.html, portfolio.html, style.css, and logic.js.

2020.02.18.2315 - Added plan.txt, and updated instructions.md to insructions.txt.  Updated my LinkedIn Profile with links to my GitHub Profile and Portfolio site.  Updated GitHub Bio. 

2020.02.21.1607 - Updated plan.txt to reflect recent pivot; marked new tasks and completed tasks.  For this homework's dependencies (the two exemplary homeworks to be displayed), I updated/fixed and pushed my changes to both the Weather App and Work Day Scheduler previous homework assignments.  Researched Bootstrap examples for grid structure, head/nav/jumbotron, sidebar, and sticky footer elements.

2020.02.21.1630 - I updated index.html to include assimilated portions of code from my previous homework assignment '02_responsive-portfolio', as a starting point.  I added an images folder to the folder structure, containing images that were used in '02_responsive-portfolio'. 

2020.02.21.1902 - I added 'contact.html' and 'portfolio.html' within the folder 'pages'.  I then updated grid layout for 'index.html', and then copied the skeleton over to 'contact.html' and 'portfolio.html'.  For 'contact.html' I added my contact form from previous homework assignment '02_responsive-portfolio', and then updated and fixed its position in the grid layout.  I updated header, main, and footer section sizes in 'style.css'. For each 'html' page, I updated the position of the columns in the headers.
